1pass plugin improvements (#125)
dmno-dev/dmno: packages/docs-site/src/content/docs/docs/plugins/1password.mdx

4. **Run `op signin` to log in on the CLI**. Ensure you are logged in to the correct account. You can run `op whoami` to see which account is currently connected to the CLI.
</Steps>

With this option enabled, if the resolved service account token is empty, we will call out to the `op` cli installed on your machine (it must be in your `$PATH`) and use the auth it provides. With the desktop app integration enabled, it will call out and may trigger biometric verification to unlock. It is secure and very convenient!

:::caution[Connecting as yourself]
Keep in mind that this method is connecting as _YOU_ who may have more access than a tightly scoped service account. Consider only enabling this method for a plugin instance that will be handling non-production secrets.
:::

------

## Add items to your schema

With the plugin initialized and access wired up, now we must update our config schema to know which items will be coming from 1Password and where to look. DMNO supports a few different ways to reference items in 1Password:

### Using a `.env` blob

> Managing lots of individual 1Password items and connecting them to your config can be a bit tedious, so when getting started, we recommend storing multiple items together in a `.env` style text blob. Using this method, we'll have a single 1Password item, that can have one text entry per service containing the `.env` blob. This would be similar to applying a `.env.local` file as overrides, except they are secured and shared via 1Password. This also makes it incredibly easy to migrate from using local `.env` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing lots of individual 1Password items and connecting them to your config can be a bit tedious. So, when getting started, we recommend storing multiple items together in a `.env` style text blob. Using this method, we'll have a single 1Password item that can have one text entry per service containing the `.env` blob. This would be similar to applying a `.env.local` file as overrides, except they are secured and shared via 1Password. This also makes it easier to migrate from using local `.env` files.
```

To get started with this method, create a new _Secure Note_ item within your vault. Give it a descriptive name (e.g., `Prod secrets`), then click `+ add more` and select `Text` to add a new multi-line text field. Change the default label of `text` to the [service name](/docs/guides/schema/#service-names) you want to store secrets for (e.g., `root`), and click `Save`.

> Now we need to wire up our plugin instance to this new item using its _private link_. While viewing the item in the 1Password app, click the 3 dots in the top right and click `Copy Private Link`. As this link does not contain anything sensitive, we can use a static value as our plugin input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we need to wire up our plugin instance to this new item using its _private link_. While viewing the item in the 1Password app, click the 3 dots in the top right and click `Copy Private Link`. As this link does not contain anything sensitive, we can use a static value as our plugin input.
```

});
```

:::tip[Where to find an item private link]
You can find the private link by clicking the 3 dots on the item in the 1Password interface and selecting `Copy Private Link`.
:::

Values are looked up within the linked 1Password item using a simple convention. We expect to find a _text field_ within the item with a label set to the current [service name](/docs/guides/schema/#service-names). The contents of that item are parsed as a [`.env` file](https://dotenvx.com/docs/env-file), and we look up items using the config item key. If no match is found, we will also look in an additional field with the label `_default`.

![1Password blob item example](../../../../assets/docs-images/plugins/1password/blob-item-example.png)

For example, in the item above, an item with the key `ONE_MORE` would fallback to the value in the `_default` field in any service that wasn't named `root`.

{/* TODO: add screenshot of 1pass item showing the entry? */}

### Using specific 1Password items

> If you already have lots of indivdual items in 1Password, or you just don't want to use the blob method, you can wire up invididual config items to specific 1Password items. We provide several methods to do so. Note that while a 1Password reference (e.g., `op://vaultname/itemname/path`) is easier to use in some ways, they are based on field labels and are not stable, so the other methods are preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have lots of individual items in 1Password, or you just don't want to use the blob method, you can wire up individual config items to specific 1Password items. We provide several methods to do so. Note that while a 1Password reference (e.g., `op://vaultname/itemname/path`) is easier to use in some ways, they are based on field labels and are not stable, so the other methods are preferred.
```

```

:::tip[Where to find an item private link]
You can find the private link by clicking the 3 dots **on the item** in the 1Password interface and selecting `Copy Private Link`.
:::

:::tip[Where to find field IDs]

> Field IDs are not easy to get from the 1Password UI. Luckily when the supplied field ID is not found, our error message includes a list of all the possible IDs in the item. Simply start with an empty string or a bogus id like `"?"` and use the DMNO error message to find the right field ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field IDs are not easy to get from the 1Password UI. Luckily when the supplied field ID is not found, our error message includes a list of all the possible IDs in the item. Start with an empty string or a bogus ID like `"?"` and use the DMNO error message to find the right field ID.
```
